>> Jen Kramer: All right, so here we
are in question one, and it has to do with
this diagram up here, on the top, which
I showed you a few times in the slides.
We've just sorta labeled them A, B and C.
And so, A is what, and
it's running what software?
Well the answer here, of course,
is going to be it's a client, and
it's running browser software.
You might have thought that it
was a client running Chrome.
That is correct also.
But it's actually more correct to just
say it's a browser, because we don't for
sure if they're running Chrome,
or Firefox, or Edge, or whatever.
It is indeed a computer, but
we were actually looking for
the more specific name of the client
in this particular situation.
In this next question, letter C, the one
over there on the right, what is it and
what is it running?
Well, the answer for
that is actually the one that looks wrong.
Letter C, it is a server and
it is running server software.
It could be a web host potentially,
but we don't know that.
Remember, web hosts
are commercial in nature.
And we don't really know anything
about this particular computer,
it could be running server software or
it could be running Apache.
And remember Apache is a very specific
kind of server software, we don't know for
sure if it's running Apache.
Just regular generic server software
is probably the better answer
in that situation.
And what is letter B here, in the diagram?
Well, letter B is the Internet.
In all likelihood,
your ISP is involved in their somewhere.
There are definitely some IP
addresses that are flying around.
I wouldn't be surprised if there
were a few wires in there as well.
But the Internet comprises all
of those particular things.
Okay, the best browsers to use for
web development are, and
that is Chrome and Firefox.
Remember that Internet Explorer has been
completely phased out
as of five years ago.
That's really something we don't like
using in frontend web development.
And Edge and Safari are specific to
either the PC or to the Mac, and
so we tend not to use those either.
Chrome and
Firefox run on both PCs and Macs, and
they're very up to date with
the latest web standards.
>> Jen Kramer: All right,
we have a long list of stuff here.
Which of these technologies
will run in a web browser?
Remember there is only three of them.
And which three am I looking for?
I'm looking for JavaScript, CSS and HTML.
A lot of these things also will
execute just fine in a web browser.
jQuery will, XML will,
Bootstrap will, Sass will.
Well, Sass will run on the server anyway.
GitHub is a service that's
over on a webserver somewhere.
Java is a programming language, but
the three I'm really looking for
are JavaScript, CSS and HTML.
>> Jen Kramer: So in a web browser,
what is CSS going to control?
Well it controls color, it controls fonts,
and it controls layout, so
the answer would be, D, all of these.
>> Jen Kramer: In a web browser,
what is JavaScript going to control?
Well, it's definitely going to control
changing the color of an element.
It can change the position of an element,
but it's not going to label or
identify all of the paragraphs
in the document.
So the answer here will be only A and B.
Remember, JavaScript is
the thing that's gonna change
things inside of the web browser.
The labeling and identifying all
paragraphs, that's actually HTML.
And in the web browser,
what is HTML control?
Well, obviously, labeling and
identifying all the paragraphs.
Conveying the structure of
the document through tags.
Yes, that is absolutely true as well.
Making text big and bold.
No, that would be CSS.
So the answer is e, only a and b.
What's the difference between HTTP and
HTTPS?
Well, HTTP is certainly
not the secure one.
HTTP is not necessarily faster than HTTPS.
HTTPS is not gonna secure
the information on the server.
So the answer is b, HTTPS is gonna secure
the communications between the client and
the server, has nothing to do with
security on the server itself.
You can host your website
on your own computer.
Yes, you can.
But should you?
So true, but it's not advised,
use the web host.
You can in fact run Apache on the computer
that's there in front of you.
A client can also be a webserver,
crazy but true,
you usually think of these things
as two separate computers.
But, in fact, it's really two
separate pieces of software.
So you can run a browser and
Apache on the same computer.
False, you don't have enough bandwidth.
Well, that may be true also,
you might be getting a lot of
traffic to your particular computer.
Your ISP may not be happy with you.
But that's not really the answer
that we are looking for, here.
I hope you did great on the quiz.
If you didn't, feel free to go back and
review the earlier videos
before you move on to the next
part about files and folders.